Data for Scatterplot of Dummy Queue Count vs. Matrix Multiply Performance
=========================================================================

I don't really know how to interpret some of this data, but there's a common
spike when I create 20 dummy queues.  I'm assuming this probably has something
to do with queue creation and/or assignment (since if it's oversubscription,
I'd expect the spike to continue with 21 queues), but I just don't know enough
about it.  Just copying the data here for completeness.

Generating the Data
-------------------

The data was generated by running the `test_queue_assignment_2.py` script in
the `hip_plugin_framework` repo.  I copied the script here, since I may delete
it from that repo.  I found that HIP often hangs while initializing something
(specifically, when I try to load a shared library to gather info), so if the
test hangs, you can resume it using the `--start_count` flag.  For example,
`python test_queue_assignment_2.py --start_count 10` will start by testing 10
dummy queues.

The script goes to 32, technically, but it always hangs when I'm running the
test with 22 queues.  (I was using ROCm 3.9, but earlier versions also did
the same thing.) Internally, the hang occurs in the ROCm code, specifically
in some ROCclr code for queue creation (in response to HIP creating streams).
I don't know why the hang occurs (it waits for some thread-created condition),
and I've looked quite a bit.

Anyway, you can view the scatterplot using
`python hip_plugin_framework/scripts/view_scatterplots.py -d <this dir>`.

